Q: What states does ally bond increase
A: Allies stats

Q: Who purchased Seven Deadly Sins with 100 million dollars?
A: Luminous

Q: Who is called Miss Chips?
A: Enxi

Q: The Principal of Cassell College is...
A: Anjou

Q: The world's largest plain is?
A: Amazon Plain

Q: In Norse mythology, what price did Odin pay for drinking from the fountain of wisdom?
A: An eye

Q: Which continent has the most wind resources?
A: Antarctica

Q: Which bird flew the longest distance?
A: Arctic tern

Q: Who is the prototype of poker Q?
A: Athena

Q: What is the goddess of wisdom in Greek mythology?
A: Athena

Q: For easier observation of celestial bodies through a telescope, the roofs of observatories are designed to be
A: Ban from posting

Q: Which is not a potential consequence of Blood Rage?
A: Become a pure dragon

Q: Which waterway connects North America and Asia
A: Bering Strait

Q: Which is fermented tea?
A: Black tea

Q: Johann Chu forcibly enhances his talent through
A: Blood Rage

Q: Which Power Word allows the user to unleash wind blades to cut down enemies?
A: Blood Scythe

Q: The world's first postage stamp was made in
A: Britain

Q: Which of the following famous palaces is located in the United Kingdom?
A: Buckingham Palace

Q: Which is not a feature of the Blade Master class?
A: Can attack from a distance

Q: Which statement about appointing a Main Battler partner is wrong?
A: Can be changed anytime in battle

Q: Which statement about Friendship points is wrong?
A: Can be obtained only by teaming with Friends

Q: Which statement about the stats of cores is wrong
A: Changing your class will not change your core

Q: What info can you see on the Package screen?
A: CHAR Score

Q: Which is the favorite food of Fenrir, the Lord of Earth and Mountain?
A: Chips

Q: What should you do if you miss out on an event?
A: Claim the rewards on the make up screen the next day

Q: What period were Mozart and Haydn iconic composers of?
A: Classical

Q: Which power does the Battle Leader in a club have?
A: Command in Club Contest

Q: Which Career action can get you Diamonds?
A: Cooking and Making products

Q: Which city has a statue of the mermaid in "The Little Mermaid?"
A: Copenhagen

Q: Which power does the Recruitment Director in a club have?
A: Create & post recruitment ads

Q: The skill "dodge" at the bottom right of the screen can't be used to
A: Deal high damage

Q: Which type of stress-relief orders do your teammates need to receive so that you can get Assisting rewards?
A: Defeating monsters

Q: Where was Anderson, who is dubbed as the "King of Fairy Tales", from?
A: Denmark

Q: Which action may cause a pet to cast a skill in battle
A: Deployment

Q: Middens are historical remains of
A: Domestic waste

Q: When your level is higher than the server level, which event will grant you less exp?
A: Dragon Hunting Team

Q: Dr. Herzog's research in Black Swan Bay centers on
A: Dragons, Hybrids

Q: Which elemental class is more important to the Executioner class?
A: Earth

Q: The famous Hundred Years' War in Europe was a conflict between
A: England and France

Q: Which elemental class is more important to the Blade Master class?
A: Fire

Q: The sculptures of US presidents on Mount Rushmore do not include
A: Franklin Roosevelt

Q: Which panel allows you to access your mailbox?
A: Friends

Q: What did Tagore win the Nobel Prize in Literature for?
A: Gitanjii

Q: When he gets into college, Finger Von Frings is
A: Grade A

Q: Which is the highest level of talent that can be activated?
A: Grade S

Q: When a main quest's EXP starts dropping, what color will be the quest level?
A: Gray

Q: Which is not a feature of the gunslinger class
A: has 2 stances

Q: Which writer was not French?
A: Heine

Q: black swan bay is destroyed by?
A: Herzog, Bondarev

Q: How do you use multiple Ally EXP potions at a time to level up an Ally?
A: Hold

Q: What is Luminous' Power word?
A: Immortal

Q: The world famous Taj Mahal is located in
A: India

Q: The Pulitzer Prize is an award related to
A: Journalism, culture

Q: Which power word can cut through all unauthorized living things in an area?
A: Judgement

Q: Which statement about Endurance is wrong?
A: Jumping consumes Endurance

Q: Which planet has the most moons?
A: Jupiter

Q: the world's largest landlocked state is?
A: Kazakhstan

Q: Which is not one of the 3 masterpieces by Leo Tolstoy?
A: Les Miserables

Q: did not get a nobel prize in literature
A: Lu Xun

Q: Who watched fireworks with nono?
A: Luminous

Q: Who earned the nickname "Egret" for having long legs?
A: Mai

Q: Which panel shows the weather forecast for the next 24 hours?
A: Map

Q: Where is the Pyramid of the Moon?
A: Mexico

Q: Which is the main cause of tides?
A: Moon's gravity

Q: Which is not an effect of Blood Rage?
A: More EXP

Q: What is the effect of the attribute "Multistrike" on multi skills?
A: More likely to activate

Q: The world's most low-lying country is
A: Netherlands

Q: Who is dubbed as the ancestor of dragons and created the Four Lords?
A: Nidhogg

Q: What is the maximum number of Friendship Points you can get each day?
A: No limit

Q: If somebody told you that you've won a prize and needed your personal details you should
A: Not give them

Q: Who is the protagonist in Homer's epic poem Odyssey?
A: Odysseus

Q: Which molecule protects the lives on earth by absorbing ultraviolet radiation?
A: Ozone

Q: Which item can unlock color blocks for spraying Motors?
A: Paint can

Q: Which item can unlock outfit color blocks?
A: Paint Card

Q: Which was composed by Tchaikovsky?
A: Pathetique

Q: Which type of living things has the largest population in the ocean
A: Plankton

Q: How do you gain Perfect Memory points?
A: play the story

Q: Which decides the rewards you gain when teaming up with other players in most daily events?
A: Player's level

Q: Where can you check your Vitality?
A: Profile

Q: "man is the measure of all things"
A: Protagoras

Q: What is the minimum prefix quality required to activate prefix sets?
A: Purple

Q: "Nibelungen" in Norse myhology means
A: Realm of the dead

Q: What should you do when self-proclaimed staff asked for your account?
A: Refuse

Q: What should you do when you see a cheater?
A: Report the cheater

Q: Which statement about reserve HP is correct
A: All of the above

Q: What does the Vision do?
A: Reveals objects

Q: Which Power Word can create blazing flames that can melt metal?
A: Royal Fire

Q: When can you irrigate the wishing tree
A: Saturday, Sunday

Q: Luminous gives 1/4 of his life to Ming-Z Lu for the first time to
A: Save NoNo

Q: Which is not the item you can get by disassembling allies?
A: Secret command

Q: In China, the month of Chrysanthemum refers to
A: September

Q: How do you let an Ally assist you in battle?
A: Set as Main Battle Partner

Q: Where is Black Sawn Bay?
A: Siberia

Q: Longest organ in human
A: Small Intestine

Q: What kind of sports' highest honour is the trophy?
A: Soccer

Q: The double arrows above the Combat Assist button is used to
A: Switch targets

Q: How do you appoint a new leader?
A: Tap "T" at the top righ corner then transfer

Q: How do you access the Team screen?
A: Tap "T" at the top right corner of the main screen

Q: If you can't beat a monster in Tick Tock Anxiety, you should
A: Tap Request for support

Q: Which description of the Stable Status is wrong?
A: Team enters Stable Status when all members online

Q: How do you earn rewards more efficiently at EVA's Assisted Training Center?
A: Team up

Q: The Hydras' dragon bloodline is passed down from
A: The Light King

Q: What are the wings of the airplane used for?
A: This adds to the lift

Q: Who wrote a real poet suffers involuntarily as he himself burns and he burns other
A: Tolystoy

Q: Where do you tap to expand the chat box?
A: Top right corner of the chat box

Q: Ice skating was first inteded to be?
A: Transportation

Q: What can't you do when Silenced?
A: Use Class Skills

Q: How useful is MATK to the Blademaster class?
A: Useless

Q: In Norse mythology, the Hall of the Slain was called
A: Valhalla

Q: The city with the most bridges in the world is
A: Venice

Q: Scurvy is resulted from a lack of
A: Vitamin C

Q: Which is the longest river in Europe?
A: Volga

Q: Trhough what do dandelions spread their seeds?
A: Wind

Q: Which power does the News Editor in a club have?
A: Write Club Status

Q: What is not shown in other player's profiles?
A: Zodiac sign

Q: Which description of the Stable Status is correct
A: Leader gets exclusive supply in stable status

Q: Which is a right description of summoned pets?
A: You can tap to interact with it

Q: Which was not one of the 3 greatest poets in the 19th Century?
A: Defoe

Q: Who adapted Camille written by Dumas into and Opera?
A: Verdi

Q: How do you receive zone gifts placed by your friends?
A: Go to their moments

Q: The Blue Danube was composed by?
A: John Strauss II

Q: Which is the largest island in Europe?
A: Great Britain

Q: The southernmost country in the world?
A: Argentina

Q: Dash allow you to?
A: All of the Above

Q: Which type of aircrafts does the US military aircraft code F refer to?
A: Fighter

Q: What colours can dogs see?
A: Black, White, Gray

Q: What does the attribute "Cooldown Reduction" do?
A: Reduce skill CD

Q: Which is one of Mai Sakatoku's swords?
A: Snake-Slayer

Q: Which is one of Mai Sakatoku's swords?
A: Murasame

Q: Which is the largest peninsula in Europe?
A: Northern Europe

Q: Deer velvet is made from immature?
A: Deer antlers

Q: In the troposphere, how much does the temperature drop for each 100m rise in elevation?
A: 0.6 Celsius

Q: If you didn't recieve the items you bought, what should you do?
A: Receive manually on the Top-Up screen

Q: The largest desert in the world is?
A: Sahara Desert

Q: Which waterway connects the Pacific Ocean and Indian Ocean?
A: Strait of Mallaca

Q: Which statement about Stored EXP is wrong
A: Server level doesn't increase it

Q: What language did the word "salon" come from
A: French

Q: Dinosaurs were a type of
A: Reptiles

Q: How do you increase Bond Points?
A: Team up and fight

Q: What is dubbed as the "plant panda"?
A: Cathaya

Q: How do you climb a wall while dashing?
A: Keep pushing the joystick while dashing

Q: How many times in a row can you dodge at full Endurance?
A: 3

Q: How do you start training EVA's Assisted Training Center?
A: Tap "Training" to the right of your Avatar

Q: A main quest's EXP will start dropping only when your character's level exceed the quest's by __
A: 5

Q: Which description of EVA's Assisted Training Center is wrong?
A: Infinite Rewards

Q: Where can you check the opening hours of each event?
A: Calender in Events

Q: Where do you change your Avatar and Avatar Frame?
A: Profile

Q: When can the Main Battle Partners ultimate skill be triggered?
A: When attacking

Q: How many allies can you set as Main Battle Partners?
A: 1

Q: Who wrote "if winter comes, can spring be far behind"?
A: Shelley

Q: The world's smallest country is
A: Vatican

Q: At what level will Portable Warehouse become available to the player?
A: 1

Q: Which
A: Koshi

Q: Which Shakesperean play is also known as "The prince of Denmark"?
A: Hamlet

Q: When will a new Pet Form be unlocked?
A: When a pet evolves

Q: What should you do when Petrified?
A: Tap QTE button

Q: Who can you recruit to be Lucky Allies?
A: All of the above

Q: Which musical instrument is nicknamed "axe"?
A: Guitar

Q: What percentage of Allies' stats can be transfered to the player?
A: 12%

Q: Where can you check your PvP points?
A: Profile

Q: Which elemental attack is more important to the Gunslinger class?
A: Wind

Q: How many times can you claim Flower tickets each day?
A: 5

Q: Cuckoos don't make nests but lay eggs in
A: Other bird's nests

Q: The largest cell in the human body is
A: Egg cell

Q: Which type of Allies can convert their stats into the player's stats?
A: All Allies

Q: How many times can you claim flower tickets each day?
A: 5

Q: How many bones are in the adult human body?
A: 206

Q: Which item can unlock color blocks for spraying motors?
A: Paint can

Q: When your level is higher than the server level, which event will grant you less exp?
A: Dragon hunting team

Q: When a main quest's exp start dropping, what color will be the quest level?
A: Gray

Q: Which is the longest organ in the human digestive tract?
A: Small intestine

Q: Which statement about friendship points is wrong?
A: Can be obtained only by teaming up with friends

Q: What should you do when frozen?
A: Tap QTE button

Q: What should you do when recieving harrassing messages?
A: Add to blacklist

Q: What is not shown in the other player's profiles?
A: Zodiac sign

Q: What year did the united states land on the moon?
A: 1966

Q: which is the longest river in europe?
A: volga

Q: A main quest exp will start dropping only when your characters level exceeds the quest by?
A: 5

Q: Avatar and Avatar frame
A: Profile

Q: which type of aircrafts does the us military aircraft code "f" refer to?
A: Fighters

Q: petrified
A: QTE

Q: ally assist
A: set as main

Q: in the troposphere, how much does the temperature drop for each 100m rise in elevation
A: 0.6

Q: leader badge
A: eva

Q: At what level will Portable Warehouse become available to the player?
A: 1

Q: Which is not a professor at Cassell College
A: Koshi Uesugi

Q: Which Shakesperean play is also known as "The prince of Denmark"?
A: Hamlet

Q: Cuckoos don't make nests but lay eggs in
A: Other birds' nests

Q: Which is not one of the Four Great inventions of China?
A: Seismograph

Q: What are the wings of the airplane used for?
A: This adds to lift

Q: What year was the Nobel Prize in Literature awarded for the first time?
A: 1901

Q: Where is the Louvre museum?
A: Paris

Q: What is the maximum number of pets you can add to a pet squad to help you fight?
A: 2

Q: How many high-quality prefixes does a piece of equipment need to have to activate set stats?
A: 6

Q: Which drink can increase warmth?
A: Oolong tea

Q: Where is Black Swan Bay?
A: Siberia

Q: What is needed to refit a Motor?
A: All of the Above

Q: Which cheating code does Luminous use to bid for Seven Deadly Sins in the auction?
A: Show me the money

Q: Which statement about Leader's badge is wrong?
A: Available at EVA's Assisted Training Center

Q: Which is not a pet form?
A: Final Form

Q: The highest mountain in the alps is…
A: Mont Blanc

Q: What does not decide the number ofingredients by gathering and the amount of Proficieny you get?
A: Cooking level

Q: How many pets are there in terms of attributes?
A: 2

Q: Which art style was the famous painter Picasso known for?
A: Cubism

Q: The god of all gods in Norse mythology was…
A: Odin

Q: The world's largest coffee producer is
A: Brazil

Q: At lvl 60, what is the maximum number of gifts you can get from other players each day?
A: 20

Q: In the History of Philosopy who said "man is the measure of all things"
A: Protagoras

Q: Who is the founder of Cassell College
A: Anjou

Q: Which statement about reading is wrong?
A: You can only read in the Library

Q: Which composer was dubbed as "The Waltz King"?
A: John Strauss

Q: Wher is the Statue of Liberty?
A: New York Harbor

Q: Which continent is least populated?

Antarctica

Q: Who should you dispatch to improve your rating?
A: Allies who meet the requirements

Q: The chat box at the bottom left of the screen doesn't show all messages. How do you open the chat screen?
A: Tap chat box

Q: In Norse mythology, Heimdallr was hailed as…
A: Guardian of Gods

Q: What is the maximum number of potential chips a pet can have?
A: 6

Q: How many Dragon Hunt AP does the college give each day?
A: 40

Q: What reward(s) will you possibly get when your store levels up?
A: All of the Above

Q: What do you need to craft a Motor?
A: All of the Above

Q: How do you improve a Pet's rating?
A: All of the Above

Q: What benefit will a pet get when it evolves?
A: All of the Above

Q: Blademasters skill "Void" is not effective in?
A: Dragon Hunt

Q: Luminous first gave 1/4 of his life to save
A: NoNo

Q: NoNo's fiance is...
A: Caesar

Q: Who helped Luminous the price of his life?
A: Ming-Z Lu

Q: Who is not Chisei Gen's assistant?
A: Shavee

Q: Who invested Herzog's study on Black Swan Bay?
A: Bondarev

Q: Who owns the EX Time Zero?
A: Anjou

Q: The president of the Cassell Disciplinary Committee is
A: Manstein

Q: Who is the crazed Hybrid that hurt 15 girls?
A: Akira Sakurai

Q: Who defeated 2 Dragon Lords with Ming-Z Lu's help
A: Luminous

Q: The editor of Cassell News is
A: Finger

Q: Who commanded Storm Torpedo and damaged Norton?
A: Caesar

Q: Who is considered Amaterasu-no-mikoto by Hydras?
A: Chisei Gen

Q: Who is the AI Butler of Cassell College
A: Eva

Q: The head of Cassell Enforcement Department is
        A: Schneider

Q: Who owns the Ex-Glimmer
A: Katsu Inuyama

Q: Who waited with Luminous when they took the train to Cassell College for the first time?
A: Finger

Q: Who participated in destroying Black Swan Bay?
A: Bondarev

Q: Who used icebreaker to bring Dragon Embryo away from Black Swan bay?
A: Bondarev

Q: Who plays games at the meeting of Hydras?
A: Erii Uesugi

Q: The Clan Chief that takes charge in Soaplands is?
A: Katsu Inuyama

Q: Who offered the diving gear to Luminous
A: NoNo

Q: Who is Chisei Gen's assistant?
A: Sakura Yabuki

Q: The president of Cassell Student Union is
A: Caesar

Q: Luminous's Cassell College roomate is
A: Finger

Q: Who is the leader of Embryo Investigation team?
A: Caeser

Q: The Hydra's High Patriarch that launched war against Devil Clan is
A: Tachibana M

Q: The president of Cassell Lionheart is...
A: Johann Chu

Q: Jormungand's human form is...
A: Shavee

Q: Whose EX casts flames that melt metals?
A: Johann Chu

Q: Cassell Japan Division Execution Bureau Leader is...
A: Chisei Gen

Q: Who gave the Lionheart Blood Rage files to Caesar?
A: Susie

Q: Who is good at Profiling?
A: NoNo

Q: Who destroyed the Roller Coaster – Midgard Snake
A: Shavee

Q: Who owns the Unquenchable Golden Pupils?
A: Johann Chu

Q: Who gave duckling to luminous?
A: Erii Uesugi

Q: Who defeated Caesar Gattuso and Johann in Day of Liberty?
A: Luminous

Q: Who's stage name is Ukyou?
A: Johann Chu

Q: The leader of Devil Clan is
A: King's Blade

Q: Who watched Fireworks with NoNo
A: Luminous

Q: The head of Black Swan Orphanage is
A: Herzog

Q: Who didn't go to Japan or aboard Trieste?
A: Manstein

Q: Who said that Luminous has a Lion hidden in his eyes?
A: Ruri Kazama

Q: Who is Basaraking?
A: Caesar

Q: Shopkeeper of Takamagahara is?
A: Humpback

Q: The "Dragon Lord" that organized "Devil Clan" is
A: Ruri Kazama

Q: Who damaged Norton with Philosopher's Stone?
A: Mai Sakatoku

Q: Can blood rage forefully increase the Dragonblood's potency for a short time?
A: Yes

Q: Is the surface temperature of a blue star higher than a red star?
A: Yes

Q: Is "Nibelungen" originated from Nibelheim, The World of Mist in Norse mythology?
A: Yes

Q: Luminous ate two 9 inch pizzas and Finger ate four 6 inch pizzas. Did luminous eat more than Finger?
A: Yes

Q: Shavee's real identity is the Lord of Earth and Stone?
A: Yes

Q: In the Ex Periodic Table, the lower the number is, the less stable an Extra Skill is.
A: No

Q: In Japanese mythology, are the "Triune Divine Vessels" a sword, a mirror, and a seal?
A: Yes

Q: In the Ex Periodic Table, the higher the number is, the less stable an Extra Skill is.
A: Yes

Q: When rolling 2 six-sided dice, does rolling a total of 8 have the highest probability?
A: No

Q: Masamune tachibana and the devil clans "dragon lord" are actually two identities of the same person
A: No

Q: The ex-Lord of Shadow who is now Ramen chef is...
A: Koshi Uesugi

Q: Who defeated two dragon lords with Ming-Z-Lu's help?
A: Luminous

Q: Luminous' Cassell College roommate is
A: Finger

Q: After leaving Black Swan Bay, Renata changed her name into...
A: Zero

Q: Who owns the EX Don't Die?
A: Luminous

Q: Who rides the Ferris Wheel with Johann Chu?
A: Shavee

Q: Which plant is dubbed as the "plant panda"?
A: Cathaya

Q: Vampires originated from an animal, which is
A: A bat

Q: Which Power Word allows the user to unleash windblades to cut down enemies?
A: Blood Scythe

Q: How many Sigils can the player study?
A: 8

Q: Which is the largest island in Europe?
A: Great Britain

Q:Ice skating was first intended to be
A: Transportation

Q: The city with the most bridges in the world is
A: Venice

Q: When can the Main Battle Partner's Ultimate Skill be triggered?
A: When attaccking
